[SARASA]
How are you all doing?
This is the Empress speaking.
What do you think
she's trying to pull with this?
Dunno, but I get
the buzz around her.
She could be your twin.
[SARASA] Apparently,
they've taken to calling her
a doppelganger.
[laughs]
I hope you're watching, fake me,
'cause this message is for you.
You know that name you stole
from me? Sarasa Saionji?
I want it back.
So how about we play a game.
-Uh!
-A game?
The setting will be
the upcoming contest in ASTRAL.
And the condition to win?
Defeat Hiroto Shinohara.
-Huh?
[chuckles]
[SARASA] Whoever beats him gets
to be the real Sarasa Saionji
going forward.
If I win, you surrender your
Sarasa Saionji account to me,
no questions asked.
If you win, you get to carry on
being the much-loved,
much-adored Empress.
And should Shinohara win,
then I'll submit to whatever
justice he feels is fair.
I would suggest
you also consider that
I'm pretty much repping
your skin right now.
And if you refuse,
these clothes are gonna start
to feel unbearably restrictive.
-Aah!
Who could resist
a show like that?
Their Empress, being so naughty.
And who could really say
if it's me or you?
[cooing]
I sincerely hope
you make the right choice.
[BOTH shout]
[SARASA]
I'm gonna rip her head off!
Hey now,
let's just take it easy.
[sighs] Good.
Uh! All right. Kurahashi has
something to do with this.
Yeah, right.
Kurahashi has to know that
I helped you fight
against Akizuki in the
All-Campus Elimination Battle.
He could have figured out
that we're on the same side,
it wouldn't take much.
Then, I guess. he's coming
after us both this time. Huh?
Good grief.
Rotten scumbag. Seems
he doesn't know when to quit.
[HIROTO] Please help us,
Kagaya! I'm begging you!
[KAGAYA]
So. lemme get this straight.
You need to crush it
as the commander
so your comrades won't realize
you're a complete fraud,
while bumping off
three team leaders
and preparing to go toe-to-toe
with a mega-dangerous
doppelganger, right?
[HIROTO]
Pretty much.
You ever been told
that you're a drama magnet?
Also, he must be
victorious in ASTRAL.
Members of teams
who place sixth or lower
all have one Star taken away
from them.
If I lose one star, I'm done.
Hmm!
What's more, a new rule's just
been announced by way of Libra.
Hmm!
[SHIRAYUKI]
It involves a voting system.
All students on the island
will be tasked
with voting for the academy
they believe will win.
And those support ratings will
have some kind of effect
on the players' movement values?
It does, but that only
takes effect in the last half.
In the first half,
it's positions
and abilities that matter.
Well, the Company can defo
take care of the position side
of things,
and I can patch
the retrieved data
through to you in real time.
How's that sound, dude?
Yeah!
As to the rest
we ought to consider
which abilities to equip.
Right.
In my first slot, I'll be going
with the Indigo Star's ability,
Black Wings.
In the second,
I'll use the Green Star's
Predict Movement.
And for my third.
[gasps] I'm still thinking.
What about you Himeji?
Huh! Something I've been
saving for a special occasion.
Special, huh?
Yes. An assistant utility
that allows players
to swap an ability
with each other.
It's called Replacement.
I'll need to have
the company procure it
for me given
it's exorbitant price tag.
Though I'm sure we'll get
our money's worth out of it.
[BOTH laugh]
[SARASA]
Gotcha.
Sounds like Eimei Academy's
all ready to go, too, then.
Yeah.
Hm, nothing to do now but wait.
[SARASA] Still, this whole thing
is kinda depressing.
The whole Ouka team,
they just keep staring at me
with stars in their eyes.
Thought you would be used
to that by now.
But I'll be around them non-stop
during the event,
the only me-time
I'll get is when I'm asleep.
And I won't get
to talk to you 'til it's done.
Oh!
[SARASA] I mean, not that
I'm desperate to do that
or anything.
I just won't have anyone
I can drop the act around
and let loose with for a while.
[chuckles] Relax.
Uh! Did you hear me
say anything?
[sighs]
You better not lose, Saionji.
Hmm!
Hm! What self-respecting
empress would even dream of it?
[HIROTO] Huh! Fair point.
I'm rooting for you. Good night.
[SARASA]
Yeah, good night.
[ringing]
Hey, what's up? Yeah, it's me.
I was hoping you'd help me
with something.
[HIROTO] This can't be
the right place, can it?
Good meow-ning, everybody!
I'm Libra's own Suzuran Kazami.
The skies are looking clear
and the temperature's
starting to rise!
And right meow, we're gonna
play a game that's so hot,
you could get burned
just by watching it!
Hang tight, 'cause things are
about to get sparkly!
Feast yours eyes on our
pioneering augmented
reality playing field!
[chuckles]
This is striking.
Isn't this, like,
super high resolution?
[HIROTO]
Unreal.
♪
[FEMALE GAME VOICE]
ASTRAL initiating.
Teams from all academies.
Stand by your designated
starting points.
[HIROTO]
All right. Game on.
[SHINJI]
See that? Right there?
That emblem marks
our preliminary base.
♪
[NANASE laughs]
[SHINJI] Now, to the left.
A neutral base.
We'll have to seize
control of it
to expand our area.
Shall we go take it, Commander?
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha! It almost sounds
like we're about to do something
reprehensible, doesn't it?
-What?
-No, it's only a base.
♪
[HIROTO] All right, we're
in range of the neutral base.
Understood, proceeding.
Occupy.
Huh?
[HIROTO] Once you use
the Occupy command,
Freeze Time takes effect,
rendering all your other actions
unusable.
[beeping]
Then, when the timer runs out,
the space is occupied.
[ALL exclaims]
So. Himeji,
your movement is a nine, right?
Yes, and since the Freeze Time
counter displayed
ninety seconds on activation,
occupying must require ten times
your movement value.
That could hinder
rate of expansion.
No, the capture-delay
is the least of it.
Losing abilities
is the real problem.
Think about it,
if you're attacked in battle
whilst on cool-down,
you're essentially helpless.
Then, we should test out
the standard Freeze Time.
Oh, me! I'd be more
than happy to try it out.
Hmm!
[NOA]
How about Numerical Adjustment.
I can increase your interest
in me by a factor of a trillion.
I imagine that falls outside
of Device scope.
[chuckles]
[NOA] Okay, so the Freeze Time
is six seconds,
and given that my movement value
is also a six,
I think it's safe to assume
that they're correlated.
[HIROTO]
Even that modest of a number
would be a major handicap
in the middle of a fight.
Yeah, but then
Hiroto would, like,
totally have to come rescue me.
There's one more thing
you should all be aware of.
[beeping]
When you're in your team's area,
looks like your base movement
value drops by two.
So, the greater
our occupied area,
the greater our range
of optimal mobility.
Hmm! That sounds right to me.
Uh! There might actually be
more to him
than just hype
and hot air, after all.
All right. I've ran a search
on the space around us.
Knowing where the bases are
should make strategizing
a little easier.
Then I think it's high-time
we got this show on the road.
Yeah. Our nearest targets
are to the north and the east.
East would be our best option.
As I see it,
base placement isn't random.
Logic dictates they be
spaced out equidistantly
for the entertainment factor.
We can extrapolate
from the positions we know of.
Given our western
starting point,
it stands to reason that east
would be the most efficient path
of area expansion.
Seems so.
Now, we should keep in mind
the spells bases release
in set intervals.
See, there's a bit of
a fuss with them.
Spells first go into
the 'Team Slot' sub menu.
To use one, you have to move it
to a personal ability slot.
So, try to keep track
of what you're using.
Uh-huh!
But we can probably just
pick whatever to start off.
So better hurry,
'cause I'm picking now.
[NANASE]
Hey, come on, that's no fair!
Leave some for me.
Hey, how long do you suppose
Freeze Time lasts for spells?
I'm about to find that out!
I'll try taking a swipe at you,
Shinji.
Whoa, Nanase, you are
not swinging a blade at me.
Oh, yeah?
'Cause I'd bet you'd actually
love getting murdered
by a cute girl.
While I can't quite dispute
your basic thesis,
your vector leaves a lot
to be desired.
Now I am gonna kill you.
[HIROTO] Huh?
Hey, Akizuki. Where's Himeji?
[NOA]
What?
-Uh!
Hi. Guess who?
[HIROTO]
Himeji. That you?
[BOTH Gasp]
Yes. I was trying out a spell,
one rather fittingly named
"Conceal".
The Freeze Time it's displaying
is eighteen seconds.
That's twice my movement.
Oh, wow, no kidding.
Master? Are you okay?
Sorry. Have I done
something wrong?
[HIROTO]
No, I'm the one in the wrong.
What part of 'bad vector'
don't you get?
Do I need to grab you
a dictionary?
[KUGASAKI]
Well, well. Hiroto Shinohara.
Curious.
You're an obliging nemesis,
I must say,
slithering on out
in front of the waiting axe.
Look, I'm not here for you,
ya vampire wannabe.
Grandstand all you want,
Seven Star.
My team from Otowa
will humble you soon enough.
Retribution is at hand.
[laughs]
Otowa's over in District Eight.
Mister Kugasaki leads
their team,
it's made up of members of his
Self-Made Holy Knight Brigade.
The zealotry Mister Kugasaki
inspires is impressive.
I believe his team will be one
of our greatest threats.
And who are the others?
Well. District Seven,
there's Shinra High School.
They have a particularly
hostile school culture.
Last year, they placed in third.
Their star player
is Mister Touya Kirigaya.
He's a Six Star embodiment
of the maxim,
'the ends justify the means'.
Goes by "Absolute Monarch".
[SHINJI]
He's a special breed, that one.
His modus operandi
is to pulverize his foe
with an onslaught
of violent tactics.
I know of several people
who simply quit
and left the island
after they played him.
[HIROTO]
Seriously?
Speaking of. That girl over
there is trouble, too.
Senri Kururugi,
from District Sixteen.
The leader
of Tsuyuri Girl's Academy.
She's an absolute monster.
Should you ever cross paths
with her,
just turn around and run.
Okay, what for?
Her special ability
is beyond nefarious.
It's called One-Shot Kill.
If the conditions are met,
the ability can fell
any opponent
in but a single sweep.
With her hellish nature,
she's earned the infernal
moniker of 'Demon Maiden'.
Ah!
[KURURUGI] Thank you kindly
for the compliment.
Hmm! Oh!
Although, don't you think
your delivery's a little off?
Words get awfully muffled
behind one's back.
[HIROTO] Crap! Crap! Crap!
Why's this chick got a sword?
I've heard about you too.
The up-jumped Seven Star
with a reality-transcending
ability.
Granting you a winning strategy
against any opponent.
You graduated from
an American college at five,
and endured inhumane training
to imbue you with
superhuman skill or so they say.
I what?
Where's that information
coming from?
A Libra media article,
where else?
[HIROTO]
Damn it, Kazami.
Know this. It doesn't matter
how strong you are.
Tsuyuri will win.
Talk about a collection
of second-rate players.
[chuckles]
[huffing]
Those three aside,
the player we have
to be most on-guard against
is obviously that doppelganger.
Owing to the scandal
with the recently ousted
Mikado Kurahashi,
Seijo's been prevented
from participating.
Allowing her
to somehow snatch their spot.
Whoever she is,
she's clearly unhinged.
Picking a fight with the Empress
and roping you in.
We'd do well to be wary.
[sighs]
[ALL]
Thank you for the meal.
Now, let's talk
who's roomin' with who.
I mean, obviously
me and Hiroto's a given.
Hmm-mm!
Whatever.
Except for not sharing
with Nanase.
I don't have much
of a preference.
Sure sounds like
a preference to me.
What? I'm not good enough?
Blondes don't do it for ya
the same as silvers or reds,
jerk face?
Exactly what are
you trying to imply?
I see, but I fear
it's already been decided
that Master and I are staying in
the same room,
and if Akizuki insists
on joining us,
would that not
then leave you two together?
Hang on. What?
If you think
I'm gonna bunk-up with Shinji,
you're out of your mind!
Got that right.
The way she tosses and turns,
I'd never get to sleep.
Hey! That was like way back
in grade school!
You guys shared a room together
when you were in grade school?
Scandalous.
Come on, Hiroto!
Let's get you in bed
with your Noa-sized body-pillow.
Hey, if anyone's providing him
turndown service tonight,
it'll be his Maid.
[SARASA] Let me set the record
straight for you idiots.
The only option
for boys and girls.
Is separate rooms!
Huh!
[snores]
Aw, damn, must have dozed off.
Uh? A blanket?
You actually a nice guy,
Enomoto?
Uh! I should take a bath.
Uh-hmm!
Uh!
Uh-ah!
[TSUMUGI]
Almost.
[sighs]
If that's how it is, then I'll
have to use my secret power.
[yelling]
-[HIROTO] Here.
-Uh!
Take it,
just don't go jumping. See ya.
-Um!
-Um.
Shouldn't I say
thank you very much?
Guess you could if you want.
Um. Sorry if that was a bit
of a weird question to ask.
I just don't wanna risk
offending anybody
on my first day.
You're a cautious one,
aren't you?
Do you mind if I ask
what you're doing here?
Doing? What? Do you mean,
like, my raison d'être?
Raison.
Maybe not quite that deep.
Look, this place has been booked
for a private event.
You must be
a middle schooler, right?
You're a bit too young to play.
Oh, um, you know.
I kind of already am playing.
My sister works for Libra media,
and she thought it would be
good for me if I participated
in the MTCG. See?
[HIROTO]
A room key?
MTCG.
Isn't that the optional game
that's being held at
the same time as ASTRAL?
You okay getting
back to your room alone?
-Yeah, but.
-Uh!
Oh, hey, your eye's red.
Hmm! It's a colored co...
That is to say,
it's the mark of the chosen one.
Just some
cool destiny stuff, you know?
There, you see?
Heterochromia. Impressed?
[laughs] Yeah. I'm impressed.
Really? You are? Yeah! Sweet!
Did I mention my
right eye's also magical?
It has the power to see into
both the past and the future!
And right now
it's letting me see that
you're a real special person
too, mister!
[giggles]
Huh! Sounds like a pretty
overactive eye. See you later.
Hey, hang on.
Please, mister,
can you come and play
with me for a little bit?
Uh!
[TSUMUGI]
Whoa, you're so strong!
Whoa, you're so skilled!
Whoa, you're so fast!
♪
This little one would make
a perfect familiar
for someone
with power like mine, right?
All right, Lloyd. look this way
and gaze deep into my right eye.
You are now bound to my service
until such a time as
I release you.
You already gave it a name?
[whirring]
Aw! Yes! Yes! Yes!
You're like seriously the best!
You think?
-Voila, your loyal familiar.
-I can have it?
Thank you so much, mister!
[exclaims]
Oof, sleepy.
-Uh!
-Hey, easy.
[sighs]
Come on four-one-five.
Four-one-five. Huh?
There you go.
[gasps] Huh?
Uh! You have seriously
got to eat better than this.
There is a buffet you know.
[TSUMUGI]
I wanna try it.
All right, then try it.
[TSUMUGI]
But I'm comfy.
Hey, mister, can you go down
and get me some dinner, please?
Oh, well,
I guess I've come this far.
[sighs] I'll wait here.
[sighs]
♪
[HIROTO] On the second day
of the competition,
we finally ran into another team
as we made our way east.
I'm the Ibara Academy lead,
Kanade Yuikawa.
How's about you
and I form an Alliance?
A what?
Look friend, truth is.
We'd be perfectly satisfied
just making it to the top five,
the easier time we have
of doing that the better.
You saw the Temporary Alliance
command, right?
It's a mutual non-hostility
agreement.
No invading each other's areas.
You can set a penalty for if
anyone breaks it.
♪
[HIROTO]
This guy, what's his game?
Huh!
[ALL sigh]
[NOA]
Mya?
[SHIRAYUKI]
Miss Asamiya?
[SHINJI]
Nanase! Why?
Well, uh, that's 'cause, he, uh.
Look! I'll explain later!
Hey! Wait!
Oh dear, what a shame.
Negotiations are over. Ah, well.
Huh! I can't believe this.
I better go help her out.
Nanase! Don't just swing at him!
[NANASE]
I know what I'm doing!
[SHINJI] Then stop
blocking my line of sight!
[NANASE] Or you could like,
you know, aim properly!
[sighs]
[SHINJI] Why did you open
fire on them, Nanase?
-Because, that guy back there.
-Save it.
Do you think
you get some kind of pass
just because we beat them?
Did you even weigh up the odds?
Consider what might
have happened to you
before you charged
into an enemy area?
Hey, come on man. That's enough.
It was the same last year.
Uncoordinated nonsense makes us
easy pickings for a lesser team.
We aren't here for fun!
And I refuse to let your blatant
stupidity drag us all down.
Why? I-I thought you would.
Huh? Speak up, will you?
Shut up! You stupid idiot!
Don't ever talk to me again!
Hey!
[NOA]
Mya, wait!
[SHIRAYUKI]
Miss Asamiya!
♪
[SHINJI]
Shinohara.
Give it to me straight,
am I the bad guy here?
What you said wasn't wrong.
Although,
that was not the way to say it.
I see.
[HIROTO]
Our teamwork's a total mess.
What am I gonna do?